docs/src/index.md, before:

---
home: true
heroImage: ./logo.png
heroText:  Hands-on Lab - AI for Devs
tagline: Discover AI in practice.
actions:
  - text: Start the Hands-on Lab →
    link: /overview/
    type: primary
features:
  - title: Let's start
    details:  Prerequisites - Definitions - A bit of History - The market
  - title: General assistants
    details: Prompt engineering - LibreChat quickstart - Offline prompting
  - title: Develop with AI
    details:  Github Copilot
  - title: AI for services
    details: Cloud LLMs - Advanced RAG
footer: Worldline © 2024 | tech at Worldline
---
::: warning Disclamer
 LLMs and MMLLMs are constantly evolving, and new applications for developer training are emerging all the time.
 :::

# AI for devs | Tech at Worldline

## Who we are 

![avatar](./assets/images/logo_worldline.png)  

**We design payments technology that powers the growth of millions​ of businesses around the world. Engineering the next frontiers​ in payments technology​**  
* Leader in payment and secured transactions. ​ 
* Over 50bn transactions/year​
* 7000+ engineers​ in over 40 countries​
* A huge & diverse​ tech-stack

### Follow trainers of this Hands-on Lab

![avatar](./assets/images/avatar.png)  
**Gharbi Ibrahim**  
[🔗 @__brah​](https://twitter.com/__brah)  
[🔗 cv.gharbi.org](http://cv.gharbi.org)

### Follow our Tech team

* [🔗 blog.worldline.tech](http://blog.worldline.tech)
* [🔗 @WorldlineTech​](https://twitter.com/worldlinetech)

Commit message:

update with more services exercises

docs/src/index.md, after:

---
home: true
heroImage: ./logo.png
heroText:  Hands-on Lab - AI for Devs
tagline: Discover AI in practice.
actions:
  - text: Start the Hands-on Lab →
    link: /overview/
    type: primary
features:
  - title: Let's start
    details:  Prerequisites - Definitions - A bit of History - The market
  - title: Prompt with AI
    details: Prompt with AI, Prompt engineering, Definition, Chain of Thought,  ReAct Prompting, promt for developers, code explanation...
  - title: Online with Librechat
    details:  History, Favorites, Presets, Preformatted prompts, AI providers, Plugins & mixing, RAG...
  - title: Offline with LM Studio
    details:  Installation, Model configuration, enable APIs...
  - title: Develop with AI
    details:  Github Copilot
  - title: AI for services
    details: Cloud LLMs - Advanced RAG
footer: Worldline © 2024 | tech at Worldline


---
::: warning Disclamer
 LLMs and MMLLMs are constantly evolving, and new applications for developer training are emerging all the time.
 :::

# AI for devs | Tech at Worldline

## Who we are 

![avatar](./assets/images/logo_worldline.png)  

**We design payments technology that powers the growth of millions​ of businesses around the world. Engineering the next frontiers​ in payments technology​**  
* Leader in payment and secured transactions. ​ 
* Over 50bn transactions/year​
* 7000+ engineers​ in over 40 countries​
* A huge & diverse​ tech-stack

### Follow trainers of this Hands-on Lab

![avatar](./assets/images/avatar.png)  
**Gharbi Ibrahim**  
[🔗 @__brah​](https://twitter.com/__brah)  
[🔗 cv.gharbi.org](http://cv.gharbi.org)

### Follow our Tech team

* [🔗 blog.worldline.tech](http://blog.worldline.tech)
* [🔗 @WorldlineTech​](https://twitter.com/worldlinetech)
